This is an interactive problem. Remember to flush your output while communicating with the testing program. You may use fflush(stdout) in C++, system.out.flush() in Java, stdout.flush() in Python or flush(output) in Pascal to flush the output. If you use some other programming language, consult its documentation. You may also refer to the guide on interactive problems: https://codeforces.com/blog/entry/45307.
There is a city in which Dixit lives. In the city, there are nn houses. There is  exactly one directed road between every pair of houses. For example, consider two houses A and B, then there is a directed road either from A to B or from B to A but not both. The number of roads leading to the ii-th house is kiki.
Two houses A and B are bi-reachable if A is reachable from B and B is reachable from A. We say that house B is reachable from house A when there is a path from house A to house B.
Dixit wants to buy two houses in the city, that is, one for living and one for studying. Of course, he would like to travel from one house to another. So, he wants to find a pair of bi-reachable houses A and B. Among all such pairs, he wants to choose one with the maximum value of |kA−kB||kA−kB|, where kiki is the number of roads leading to the house ii. If more than one optimal pair exists, any of them is suitable.
Since Dixit is busy preparing CodeCraft, can you help him find the desired pair of houses, or tell him that no such houses exist?
In the problem input, you are not given the direction of each road. You are given — for each house — only the number of incoming roads to that house (kiki).
You are allowed to ask only one type of query from the judge: give two houses A and B, and the judge answers whether B is reachable from A. There is no upper limit on the number of queries. But, you cannot ask more queries after the judge answers "Yes" to any of your queries. Also, you cannot ask the same query twice.
Once you have exhausted all your queries (or the judge responds "Yes" to any of your queries), your program must output its guess for the two houses and quit.
See the Interaction section below for more details.
