The King of Berland Polycarp LXXXIV has nn daughters. To establish his power to the neighbouring kingdoms he wants to marry his daughters to the princes of these kingdoms. As a lucky coincidence there are nn other kingdoms as well.
So Polycarp LXXXIV has enumerated his daughters from 11 to nn and the kingdoms from 11 to nn. For each daughter he has compiled a list of kingdoms princes of which she wanted to marry.
Polycarp LXXXIV is very busy, so he finds a couple for his daughters greedily one after another.
For the first daughter he takes the kingdom with the lowest number from her list and marries the daughter to their prince. For the second daughter he takes the kingdom with the lowest number from her list, prince of which hasn't been taken already. If there are no free princes in the list then the daughter marries nobody and Polycarp LXXXIV proceeds to the next daughter. The process ends after the nn-th daughter.
For example, let there be 44 daughters and kingdoms, the lists daughters have are [2,3][2,3], [1,2][1,2], [3,4][3,4], [3][3], respectively.
  
In that case daughter 11 marries the prince of kingdom 22, daughter 22 marries the prince of kingdom 11, daughter 33 marries the prince of kingdom 33, leaving daughter 44 nobody to marry to.
Actually, before starting the marriage process Polycarp LXXXIV has the time to convince one of his daughters that some prince is also worth marrying to. Effectively, that means that he can add exactly one kingdom to exactly one of his daughter's list. Note that this kingdom should not be present in the daughter's list.
Polycarp LXXXIV wants to increase the number of married couples.
Unfortunately, what he doesn't have the time for is determining what entry to add. If there is no way to increase the total number of married couples then output that the marriages are already optimal. Otherwise, find such an entry that the total number of married couples increases if Polycarp LXXXIV adds it.
If there are multiple ways to add an entry so that the total number of married couples increases then print any of them.
For your and our convenience you are asked to answer tt independent test cases.
