Berland is a large country with developed airlines. In total, there are nn cities in the country that are historically served by the Berlaflot airline. The airline operates bi-directional flights between mm pairs of cities, ii-th of them connects cities with numbers aiai and bibi and has a price cici for a flight in both directions.
It is known that Berlaflot flights can be used to get from any city to any other (possibly with transfers), and the cost of any route that consists of several consequent flights is equal to the cost of the most expensive of them. More formally, the cost of the route from a city t1t1 to a city tktk with (k−2)(k−2) transfers using cities t2, t3, t4, …, tk−1t2, t3, t4, …, tk−1 is equal to the maximum cost of flights from t1t1 to t2t2, from t2t2 to t3t3, from t3t3 to t4t4 and so on until the flight from tk−1tk−1 to tktk. Of course, all these flights must be operated by Berlaflot.
A new airline, S8 Airlines, has recently started operating in Berland. This airline provides bi-directional flights between all pairs of cities that are not connected by Berlaflot direct flights. Thus, between each pair of cities there is a flight of either Berlaflot or S8 Airlines.
The cost of S8 Airlines flights is calculated as follows: for each pair of cities xx and yy that is connected by a S8 Airlines flight, the cost of this flight is equal to the minimum cost of the route between the cities xx and yy at Berlaflot according to the pricing described earlier.
It is known that with the help of S8 Airlines flights you can get from any city to any other with possible transfers, and, similarly to Berlaflot, the cost of a route between any two cities that consists of several S8 Airlines flights is equal to the cost of the most expensive flight.
Due to the increased competition with S8 Airlines, Berlaflot decided to introduce an air reform and change the costs of its flights. Namely, for the ii-th of its flight between the cities aiai and bibi, Berlaflot wants to make the cost of this flight equal to the minimum cost of the route between the cities aiai and bibi at S8 Airlines. Help Berlaflot managers calculate new flight costs.
